[Music] let's
see It turns out there's this guy
who got kicked out because he said some really stupid things this guy
was in
Squid Games and they kicked him out because he said he would
hit a woman and spit on her and I don't know
what I don't know how much to go over it hand what I've
talked about regarding this
Squid Games thing and regarding the
Kingsley thing it's been because of that son of a [ __ ] hand
because I know that
that crazy guy Juan Guarnizo still has the [ __ ] out of me hand I'm
saying it I already said it that crazy guy
has had the [ __ ] out of me my whole life and because of that crazy
guy it's that I haven't been able to get into
either of those two things done I said it I
said it already hand but I don't want to
start a mess with that I don't care
so well I don't care about that son of a
[ __ ] hand so that I don't participate
in that [ __ ] it's okay
nothing's wrong I continue with my thing but I didn't
want to say it either bro if you understand me so as
not to start [ __ ] and [ __ ] and he says it
okay but it's that he says no No I didn't
want to say it either but like he throws him  blame
Juan for interfering so they don't
include him in the series in the events and
so on okay but it turns out that the
turkey precisely today I also uploaded
another post where he blames the same thing on wle
Twitter we are already 9000 well let's see but oh
well dude And you know what [ __ ] and and
regarding other things that have happened to me
hand you know that once
Piqué wrote to me and he didn't write to me again hand
It's that I The day that I never think I'm
going to talk about it hand because I
promised hand something and the thing is that I was never going
to talk and I was never going to throw [ __ ] hand
but if at some point they suddenly
get angry hand I go out and uncover all
that [ __ ] hand because I am
offended to the core hand once
daddy they wrote to me for something hand that they were
going to take me into account and over there they
opened their mouths and said no, not me
Then they didn't take me into account yes you
understand I mean I want I don't want I don't
want to do I don't want to say
specifically what but eagle
understands it hand So it's with Twitter there are already
9000 of us when it happened all everything  everything
about the squid games and the
leak ask Comanche what I
did Do you think I told him to
take it out? At no time did I
say what to take it out, it was nothing, it was the
moment where I could say you know what
take it out because how is he going to leak it to me, he already
had a reason to do it brother, yes you
understand me, not even like that before I
told him bro what happens is that a lot of people
throw him away because they hate him a lot
for many things he has said, it is that he is
wle but in a beastly way that payment is worth it And in
total Juan says Mr. Steven wants to be
wcol so much that he is even
inventing a dispute with me to
fix it in challenge 4th Okay and
live Juan said the following but
yesterday but yesterday on tiktok I was super
chill and suddenly I see this boy
from free fire, my Steven saying that
because of me they do not invite him to the squids
and the league, to the Kings League, it seemed
very stupid to me friends. I really do not
understand who the hell invents those
narratives for so many people to say that there must
be someone who does not stop
spread that rumor really as far as
I understand they had that guy
in the squid and they took him out because
literally in a clip he said that he was going to
pay cco eh five people to
abuse a girl and comments of that
type it is a clip taken out of
context bro you said something horrible
period and it went viral [ __ ]
mother everyone has [ __ ] to say yes
but no one says anything except me
the day he was announced in the squid and they took
him out for that reason Twitch
is obviously a platform that takes great care of its
images how does it affect me that
that guy is at an event in which I
am with 200 streamers Tell me how the
[ __ ] does it affect me How does it screw up my
aura How does it screw up my plans my live
nothing [ __ ] and what about the league what about the Kings
league if I had so much power in the
Kings League I will tell you two facts the ded
would be with a team and at the time I
would have asked that wcol not be given
a team as simple as that obviously
now things are different but it
is  that simple Damn but it doesn't
make any kind of sense can you
stop looking for imaginary fights
with me While you think that I
dedicate my whole life to screwing people over, to taking
away opportunities, to hurt
people with whom I have never had a
conversation, I'm at home watching a
movie with my dog, it doesn't make sense
here, it's not really here, let's
see, I would be lying if I said that I have never
spoken badly of this guy, I remember that
he did live streams on Twitch, we
were with ded in a live stream and he would
start raiding us but he stopped like a
little like spamming and we We laughed
at it and then we laughed because his
community was pretty intense
Period That happened practically 4 years ago
and I'm not bad I think it's the first
time in 4 years that I mention a situation
with him or his name if he is at an
event that I am at, I
couldn't give a damn anymore, I really
couldn't give a damn anymore then it
made me laugh because I said Hey this
Maybe he's so jealous of those
over there or escual to all of those from  Colombia
who wants to have now, take a dig at me
so I can then arrange a challenge for him 4 That
was the tweet that I put, pretty scared, you
know, the golden hand, the magic ink,
but I don't know anymore, really, it's not here, it's
not here, and get hooked because
those kinds of people are hooked, these
kinds of people are hooked, get hooked, go on and on,
let loose for 40 minutes
insulting me, eh, without a plot because there's
no plot and get hooked
but not often, you don't have that fortune, nor
that joy, you're not that privileged, did you see
what J did yesterday, yes, I saw it, I don't know, friends, it
seems to me what JH did, what a bunch of smokers, eh what JH did No, it's not
even half normal, you
have it on my Twitter, okay, you have it,
so Juan says this, no, he doesn't, he does
n't waste his time on those things,
of participating, in worrying about
someone not getting into an event that
he doesn't give a damn about, I don't know what, but it's
true, what I was saying a few months ago,
there are many profiles that I like,
despite that, I have to say that there are
many profiles that remain in the
original idea that I  They like them but there are also
some little surprises there that the
truth is I think the position said it
much more other people are going to put
Jeri mu Well I think that I avoided some
profiles that don't match at all
against Jerry but evidently if
suddenly they put Jima and Alana who do you
think deserves to be more president of
a Kings America I think that there I
did lend a hand and tried to say Hey,
this profile is really
doing something stupid and there are some
that I see and I say there are many profiles
that I
like Eh well people can change their
opinion than
[Music]